 You think Metta will buy a torch of the Busca better? I hope so. Can I have one? Have an internal one? Internal, I mean, public facing with a nice cloud and the faces on. I don't want a cloud. You don't like cloud? I don't like cloud. What do you think there's a fundamental limitation of cloud? Fundamental limitation of cloud is who owns the wall switch. That's power to the people. Yeah. You don't like the man to have all the power. Exactly. All right. And right now, the only way to do this is to get the inter-puse if you want performance. That's the ability. Interesting. But it's a costly investment emotionally to go with the empties. Well, let me sort of unattainable to ask you what you've built quite a few PCs. What's your advice on how to build a good custom PC for the different applications that you use for gaming for, um, she learning? You should buy a box from the tiny corp. I heard rumors, whispers, but this box in the tiny corp was supposed to think what, like, what is it? What's it called? I would call the tiny box. I don't think it's $15,000. And it's almost a paint-of-flop of compute. It's over a hundred gigabytes of GPU RAM. It's over five terabytes per second of GPU memory bandwidth. I'm going to put, like, four NVMEs in, in, in, in, in, in, in, in, in, you're going to get, like, 20, 30 gigabytes per second of drive read bandwidth. I'm going to, I'm going to build, like, the best deep learning box that I can, that plugs into one wall out. Okay. Can you go through those specs again a little bit from you, from memory? Yeah. So it's almost a paid-of-flop of compute. So in D&T, uh, today, I'm leading toward empty. Um, but we're pretty agnostic to the type of compute. The main limiting spec is a 120-volt 15-amp circuit. Okay. Well, I mean, because in order to, like, like, there's a plug over there, right? You have to be able to plug it in. Um, we're also going to sell the tiny rack, which, like, what's the most power you can get into your house without a rousing suspicion? Uh, and one of the, one of the answers is an electric car charger. Where does that rack go? Your car charger. The car charger. A wall outlet is about 1,500 watts. A car charger is about 10,000 watts. What is the most amount of power you can get your hands on without a rousing suspicion? That's right. George Hots. Okay. Uh, and so the, the tiny box that you said at the Ames and Raid, uh, that forget what you said about memory, all that kind of stuff. Okay. So, uh, what about what GPUs? Again, probably, probably 7900 XTXs, but maybe 3090s, maybe A770s. Those are in touch. You're flexible or still exploring. I'm still exploring. I want to, I want to deliver a really good experience to people. And, yeah, what GPUs I end up going with. Again, I'm leaning toward Ames. We'll see. You know, in my email, but I put it, it's like, amd is like, just dumping the code on GitHub is not open source. Open source is a culture. Open source means that your issues are not...